welcome to get a special edition of so
now I'm salvage and today we're going to
present to you three multimedia phones
from Sony Ericsson we've got the Satya
we've got the I know and we've got the
yari now three exotic names on there
right so previously nickname is the
ideal it's now been renamed to the sati
oh alright features the trough megapixel
camera it's got your xenon flash and
microSD it's also the first sony
ericsson touchscreen device to run on
s60 interface it has 3.5 inch
touchscreen alright so this is a sony
ericsson aino it's got a 3-inch screen
we have limited touchscreen capabilities
and the good thing about it it's got a
matching bluetooth headset and desk
stand charger included in the set you
can access and control your ps3 content
whether it is pictures images and videos
through 3g or Wi-Fi or cool and click
try the home and then we have the yari
and it's not short form for yakitori
right but it does have a 5 megapixel
camera and it supports gesture gaming
sort of like the wii for the mobile all
right so here we have this RTO the
trough megapixel Marvel Vice magazine
in see the Xenon flash it's got the
usual connectivity functions like Wi-Fi
GPS Bluetooth and all that what we're
going to do is we're going to take a
photo and show off its camera capability
well it sure beats all the other five
and a megapixel camera phones out there
so what's so special about it sony
ericsson aino basically you can access
all your ps3 content whether it's music
videos images through your I know
wherever you are with Wi-Fi or 3G so all
you have to do is go into entertainment
settings select one remote play once
you've synced up the ps3 to your I know
press Start and you're just good to go
so I know do you know
alright so this is the yari alright so
basically it's as you can see from the
con the color scheme of its small
targets at the young or the young at
heart okay now this is the slider phone
it's got 5 megapixels and all and
basically this is the phone to get if
you're into we all right because you can
bring this phone out on the goal it's a
post gesture gaming like so in tennis if
you want to swing and hit this is what
you'll be doing so that's the yari for
you so there you have it the three
phones through multimedia phone to sony
ericsson this RTO the top megapixel
monster the i know the ps3 media content
control thingy and the yari where you
just like a wii mobile we make up
gesture gaming at all so we all know
that if exotic names xrco gallery in LA
so who the pin on it check out how is on
phones and post up in our stay go this
was salvaged and special zone out for
you